---
title:  "Google Banana"
image: HQ.jpg
---
Before we get into the details, we should clarify a few things. Now that Google has a parent company, things are going to be a bit different when it comes to financial results. Alphabet has separated its core businesses –&nbsp;Search, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Ads, Commerce, Android, Chrome, Google Play and hardware sales – from its more farfetched endeavors, or “Other Bets.” Alphabet’s core businesses are still referred to as Google, the company we all know and love.

Now that we have all of that cleared up, let’s get into some numbers. Taking a look at Google’s revenues alone,&nbsp;the company has posted a full year revenue of $74.5 billion, up 13 percent year-over-year, as well as a total of $23.42 billion in profit for the full year. The company&nbsp;has earned $21.33 billion in revenue in Q4 2015, up 18 percent year-over-year, with a Q4 net income of $4.9 billion, up from $4.6 billion at the same time last year. Those are the important numbers when it comes to Google’s businesses, so let’s move on to the Other Bets.
Alphabet’s Other Bets consist of other projects such as Google Fiber, Nest, Calico, GV (Google Ventures), Google Capital, X (Google X) and a few other important initiatives. For all of 2015, the company’s Other Bets earned a total of $448 million in revenue, up from $327 million year-over-year. These numbers aren’t all that high, especially when considering the Other Bets operating loss of $3.57 billion&nbsp;for the full year. Of course, these are largely experimental projects, so it shouldn’t really be a surprise that these businesses didn’t make the company any money.
For more financial details, follow the source link below.